hi Tracy from kids and I'm here with a
jury hall and the company that sent me
the jury is palmbeach jewelry I'm so
excited to share this hall with you guys
because this store is a mazing when I
see amazing I mean amazing and when they
contacted me and asked me to pick
something on so many choice pieces
they're jury is awesome I mean it's
truly truly amazing one of the items
that I picked and they actually chose to
send it to me which is always nice when
you're able to pick what you get to do
your review on
and this necklace
and I haven't taken it out the box yet
cuz i wanted to show you how it comes it
comes like this and you open the box
this is the necklace and i picked this
because of the HIPAA the details in this
necklace i thought it was so beautiful
and i thought it was very chic and
elegant and just very springy for the
summer in springtime it's just a really
really nice necklace i love how this
hook is kind of reminds me of the
tiffany necklace is the way the hook is
and it's just a really nice necklace the
box when i took this out this is what
the box looks like so you actually can
use the box to store your your necklace
so yes I think it is beautiful i think
it is so well made so I've actually
gotten out to packaging and I love it
even more and this is just really really
just an awesome piece of jewelry and I'm
really glad that I picked this because
they had a lot of fun stuff on there to
pick but our kind of wanted something
that I can that is more on the dressier
side and I'm so it's just I'm really
glad I picked this particular item this
necklace is the item that I picked
this necklace is an item that they sent
me as a surprise
and I love it it is so pretty and these
stones are really I can't describe it
but they're they're really made into the
piece of jewelry it doesn't stand out or
bulk up or they're not cloudy and they
just really have instead of a fake or
gaudy look to it has a very elegant look
to it and I love that about this piece
so I didn't pick this out myself but
this is so cute and I think that I can
dress it up and I feel like I can put it
on with a pair of jeans like I now let
me share to you my excitement about this
store okay it has an easy pay the store
has easy pay and if you've never heard
of that and you don't know what that is
this is what easy pay is this means that
you can break up the payments in three
or you know they break the payments up
for you in three or four however many
payments so you're able to get your
stuff and make payments on it and that
is so amazing that made me excited but
that alone and with jory that is really
made well and really nice looking I was
hooked the necklace that was sent to me
for the review that I picked out and if
you see me looking to the side that's
because i'm actually on the website
because i don't want to give you any
information that's not right but it says
here that it retails for 342 dollars but
on their site they sell it for a hundred
and seventy nine dollars and ninety-nine
cents but you get to make four easy
payments of $45 $45 I mean this makes
it's so affordable for everybody and are
really really am very excited to share
this necklace that I got here as a
surprise item they sent me
let me see if I can find it on this
fight it retails for $75 they sell it
for 39 99 and you can make for payments
on this necklace of ten dollars each
mind you you're not making payments and
then after you're done making payments
you get your stuff it's better than
layaway you get your stuff now so you
guys it just gets better and better but
I'm gonna keep going because it's gonna
get even better now what they did for
kiss and my youtube family and viewers
they made it even better for you guys
what they've done and I'm trying to find
it here they are giving all of my
subscribers and kiss members twenty
percent off of their purchase did you
hear what I said I'm gonna say it again
twenty percent off of their purchase in
order to get the twenty percent it's not
a cold so all you're gonna have to do is
go to the link below if you just go
there palmbeach jewelry there'd be no
way to make your purchase and get to
twenty percent so in order to get to
twenty percent you have to use the link
below so I'm gonna make sure I put the
link below click the link and check it
out so not only do you have wonderful
jewelry is already cheaper than the
retail price but you're able to make
three or four payments on it to pay it
off and you're going to get a 20-percent
discount so that is amazing thank you so
much palm jury for the jury and I thank
you so much for the twenty percent
discount from our members I think that
is awesome and I'm going to just really
spread the news because I think you guys
are amazing help you the oh wait I
forgot something I got a little free
gift with this also
and it looks like this can open it up
I'm so excited about the necklaces i
forgot about the bracelet they sent me
they sent me a really cute bracelet as a
free gift so i got the necklace i got
the surprise and i got a free gift and
i'm going to put the link below to their
facebook page so go to their facebook
page and become a part of that because
they give contest and they do give away
so you have an opportunity to win free
jury on their facebook page as well god
bless all of you guys and I'll see you
on kids